[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This is a really
awesome sauce.
It's creamy.
It's luxurious.
Any time I've ever made
this-- and I swear to you,
anytime I've ever made this,
everyone's like, what is that?
How is that even possible
that sauce hasn't
got cheese or cream in it?
First thing, I'm going
to wash my leeks.
These are baby leeks.
Some leeks in America,
New Zealand, and Australia
are quite-- they're
about this round.
But these ones are
really sweet baby ones
that I just got a hold of
from the farmer's market.
It doesn't really
matter, either is fine.
So I'm going to wash
these really, really well.
And how you wash leeks--
I'll just grab a knife actually.
How you wash leeks
is you cut down--
a lot of people
take away the green.
We need the green.
The green's the flavor,
lots of flavor in the green.
Just going to cut down
in here, and we're just
going to get the dirt that's
wrapped around each leaf,
really simply.
Sometimes you don't
have to cut them,
but I just like to get
in there just in case
because there's nothing
worse than having
a creamy sauce with a bit of
grit when you're eating it.
So I've washed these really
well, as you can see,
and just making sure I
haven't left anything
in between the actual leaves.
OK, the whole leek, like I said,
from the top to the bottom.
If anything, I'm just going
to cut off just a little bit
of that, and that's it.
That's all we do.
We don't throw away the
green, definitely not.
And just roughly run
your knife through.
Oh, they're a sweet, sweet
vegetable these leeks are.
They're just in between
that onion and that garlic.
You know, not as
strong, but quite sweet.
Now, I'm going to need a pot.
Is that going to be big enough?
Maybe not, actually.
Decent-sized pot-- pop these
in the pot just like that.
Now I'm going to add cashews.
This is where it
gets interesting.
The cashew's going to
act as that creaminess
to this particular dish.
Really, really
simple, I'm just going
to add my cashews to this pot.
The next thing I'm going to
do is put enough water in here
to cover.
Perfect.
Now I'm going to go
straight onto the stove.
I want a high heat to
start off with just
to get that boil happening,
just to quicken things on a bit.
I'm going to cook
that, lid off--
just move my
utensils away a bit--
lid off, cooking, bringing
it up to the boil.
As soon as it starts boiling,
we're going to turn it down
and we're going
to let it simmer,
then we're going to let
it rest, and then we're
going to [? split ?] it.
So let's just give
this about 10 minutes.
OK, so this has
come up to the boil.
And a really,
really good tip here
is to skim the
impurities off the top.
And the impurities are these--
as you can see, there's these
little foamy, fluffy "isms,"
I like to call it, [CHUCKLES]
ism, and just take them off.
And just chuck that in the sink.
Now the important
thing next is to allow
this to rest for at least a
minute or two, preferably five.
And it's quite hot still,
so what I want to do
is I want to blend
it into the Vitamix.
Now, one of the important
things about blending
hot food into a blender
is not creating a suction.
So I'm not going to
put it all in here,
put this on, and do this because
it's just going to explode.
OK?
So it's really important,
so take your time
with this if you're
not used to doing this.
So I've got my ladle
and my blender,
and I'm just very
simply adding this.
And the Vitamix can
handle hot heat.
It's actually an
amazing, amazing machine.
All right, I'm just going
to pop all that into here.
This makes the most creamiest
sauce ever, ever, ever, ever.
It smells beautiful,
absolutely beautiful.
This is the sauce that
I put on a dinner table
when people come over for
dinner with a whole pile
of steamed veggies that are
just doused in olive oil
and it's got salt and pepper all
over them and this sauce just
on the side.
And people are like,
oh, what's that?
And then they pour it on,
they're like, oh, my god,
it's amazing.
OK, I want a garlic clove,
just a bit of extra flavor.
Once again, organic
garlic, clove and all.
Salt and pepper because
there's none in here.
Remember when we started
putting on the stove?
So salt and pepper
brings out flavor.
100%, this is where it's at.
This is what's going to
really bring this sauce
home, the salt and pepper.
It's just going to make
the flavors enhance.
Its like its own
flavor enhancer.
Oh, look at this
pepper, beautiful.
I'm going to add some extra
plants in here because I can.
You don't have to.
It's totally fine.
I'm just going to add a
little bit of parsley,
not a lot, just a little bit.
And I'm just going to break it
up into pieces and pop that in.
All right, and now
we're going to blend.
All right, lid on tight.
This to the side,
really important.
Now if you don't have a Vitamix
and you have another blender,
just check out the lid and check
out this little ism on top.
Just have it on the side, OK?
Starting on low, and
then build your way up.
Now it's quite watery and
green, as you can see,
but watch what happens.
OK, I've been
blending for a bit.
I'm going to turn that off.
It's very runny, like
super, super runny
because I haven't put
all of it in there,
and I just want to show
you how runny that is.
Oh, yeah.
[LAUGHS]
OK, I'm just going to
use a slotted spoon just
to get the rest
of that out there.
This will really
thicken things up.
Oh, is that good.
It's so creamy and so
tasty, so refreshing.
People aren't going to
know it's not dairy.
Once again, Off, on Low,
and then all the way.
[BLENDING]
All righty, let's have
a look, really creamy.
Look at the texture there.
Oh, yeah, perfect.
Now I'm going to pop
it back into a pot.
And when dinner's ready, when
I've steamed all my veggies,
I've got this lovely
sauce just to pour on top.
It freezes really well--
I mentioned that before--
really, really, really,
really, really well.
This poured over a family
meal of steamed potatoes,
some beautiful broccoli,
and some zucchini--
I tell you, they're
going to love it.
Oh, it's like soup, actually.
Oh, god.
It's that good.
It's like-- how
can I explain it?
Make it.
Make it and tune into me
and tell me what you think.
Write your comments below.
It's that good.
[CHUCKLES]
Mm.
When this sets--
[LAUGHS]
I can't stop eating it.
When this sits in the fridge--
no, sorry.
When this is in the
fridge and goes cold,
it gets quite thicker,
like it goes thicker,
and I just go to add a
little bit more liquid in it
when I go to heat it up.
But, mate, I'm telling you--
got to get all that out--
this is like--
I've got some family coming
over for dinner tonight.
And what I'll do is
I'll steam a whole bunch
of baby potatoes and some
broccoli, and I'll have this.
I'll just heat it
up in this pot.
I'll just put that in the
fridge when it's cooled down.
And when they come over for
dinner, I'll just heat it up
and I'll stir that actually.
Mm.
That's another thing
you're going to do.
When you're heating it up in the
pot on the stove, get a whisk
and just stay with it because
the cashew nuts will stick
to the bottom of this pot.
So you want to be really
careful just to stay with it
and just slowly heat it
up and just kind of whisk
like this on a really low heat.
And just get it hot
enough that it doesn't--
you know, it's not boiling.
You don't want to bring
it back up to the boil.
You just want to get it
quite hot before the boil.
It's that good.
All right.
I mean, look at me.
I can't stop.
It's so beautiful.
So a big bowl of
steamed veggies--
look at me, a big bowl.
Broccoli, cauliflower, zucchini,
carrots, baby potatoes--
toss them in olive oil with
some parsley, salt and pepper,
and then just pour this on there
and just sit that on a table
and sit back and watch them.
They'll go, oh,
why is that green?
What is that?
Enjoy this.
This is just going to
cool down, and we'll
heat that up later when my
family come over for dinner.
And stop, and action.
Voila.
Is it "vo-la" or "wo-la?"
Is it "wo-la"?
>> Voila.
>> "Vo-la."
>> Voila, yeah.
[VOCALIZING]
"Parmi-jama?"
>> Parmigiana.
>> "Parmi-jana."
>> --giana, parmigiana.
Stop it.
All right?
Enough.
Shh!
Quiet!
[MUSIC PLAYING]